README.md, before:

# Simple_calculator
A simple calculator built with Xcode
# Pre-work - *Name of App Here*

**Tippy** is a tip calculator application for iOS.

Submitted by: **Rui Mao**

Time spent: **5** hours spent in total

## User Stories
I am hobbyist app developer. Previously I have used Unity to build game apps that worked on iOS, Windows and Android.

The following **required** functionality is complete:

* [X] User can enter a bill amount, choose a tip percentage, and see the tip and total values.
* [X] Settings page to change the default tip percentage.

The following **optional** features are implemented:
* [ ] UI animations
* [X] Remembering the bill amount across app restarts (if <10mins)
* [ ] Using locale-specific currency and currency thousands separators.
* [X] Making sure the keyboard is always visible and the bill amount is always the first responder. This way the user doesn't have to tap anywhere to use this app. Just launch the app and start typing.

The following **additional** features are implemented:

- [ ] List anything else that you can get done to improve the app functionality!

## Video Walkthrough 

Here's a walkthrough of implemented user stories:

<img src='http://i.imgur.com/link/to/your/gif/file.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

GIF created with [LiceCap](http://www.cockos.com/licecap/).
![alt tag](https://github.com/mr618show/Simple_calculator/blob/master/Tippy_rmao.gif)
## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.
Great learning of how to use Xcode for the first time by following the instructions. I had challenge first time of getting use the interface given I have used Unity before. 

## License

    Copyright [Rui Mao] [name of copyright owner]

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

updated README with latest features of 2nd edition

README.md, after:

# Simple_calculator
A simple calculator built with Xcode
# Pre-work - *Name of App Here*

**Tippy** is a tip calculator application for iOS.

Submitted by: **Rui Mao**

Time spent: **8** hours spent in total

## User Stories
I am hobbyist app developer. Previously I have used Unity to build game apps that worked on iOS, Windows and Android.

The following **required** functionality is complete:

* [X] User can enter a bill amount, choose a tip percentage, and see the tip and total values.
* [X] Settings page to change the default tip percentage.

The following **optional** features are implemented:
* [ ] UI animations
* [X] Remembering the bill amount across app restarts (if <10mins)
* [ ] Using locale-specific currency and currency thousands separators.
* [X] Making sure the keyboard is always visible and the bill amount is always the first responder. This way the user doesn't have to tap anywhere to use this app. Just launch the app and start typing.

The following **additional** features are implemented:

- [ ] List anything else that you can get done to improve the app functionality!
* [X] Updated UI layouts, added background image
* [X] Added bill divider for multiple people split the bill
* [X] Added stepper feature at main screen which allows users to customize the current tip as well as adjust the party size
* [X] Added a switch in the settings menu to turn on the feature of rounding the total bill

## Video Walkthrough 

Here's a walkthrough of implemented user stories:

<img src='http://i.imgur.com/link/to/your/gif/file.gif' title='Video Walkthrough' width='' alt='Video Walkthrough' />

GIF created with [quickTime Player].
![alt tag](https://github.com/mr618show/Simple_calculator/blob/master/Tippy_rmao.gif)
## Notes

Describe any challenges encountered while building the app.
Great learning of how to use Xcode for the first time by following the instructions. I had challenge first time of getting use the interface given I have used Unity before. 

## License

    Copyright [Rui Mao] [name of copyright owner]

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

        http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
